
Map: ST66 Forest Lawn

Custom DLL - strategy66.dll
Custom Production Units
Custom Buildings and Vehicles
Custom Weapons


Release Date: 5/26/2000
Version: 1.1
Author: Natty Bumppo
E-Mail: nattybumppo@home.com
Homepage: http://members.home.net/nattybumppo/
Feedback: You betcha!

Planet: Dark Planet
Size: ~2048
Players: 4 Commanders
Type: Custom Strategy


REQUIREMENTS:

    Battlezone II Combat Commander
    BZII 1.2 Official Beta Patch
    GAIPS66 Core Files Installation
    G66 Units Patch


INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

    Extract the contents of STFrstLwn66.zip directly into your "Battlezone II" folder, 
    or into a temporary folder and copy the folders piecemeal into the Battlezone II 
    folder.  The former method will best ensure that all new folders and files will 
    be placed in the correct locations.

    *** NOTE:  the GAIPS66 Core Files and G66 Units Patch installations are REQUIRED.  
    ST66 Forest Lawn will not function properly without many of the object files 
    installed by these installations.


DESCRIPTION:

    ST66 Forest Lawn uses a custom DLL, strategy66.dll, which provides custom production
    units to the players.  These custom production units, recycler, constructor, 
    factory, and armory, allow the players to build custom vehicles, buildings and
    custom weapons.  Most of these custom units are taken from the G66 MPI Project,
    though a few additional custom weapons have been added.

    ISDF Commanders will be able to build the Puma light tank and the Rocket Tower.  
    Several custom weapons are available through the Armory, including a satchel charge
    variant, the Limpet.  Ammo and Repair supply kits can also be launched from the 
    Armory.

    Scion Commanders will be able to build the Dragoon light tank and the Rocket Pod.
    Several custom weapons are available through the Stronghold, including a satchel charge
    variant, the Limpet.  Ammo and Repair supply kits can also be launched from the 
    Stronghold.

    ST66 Forest Lawn features natural terrain with five base-building areas, varying in 
    size from small to large and in shape from long and narrow to broad and open.  The
    map also features several tunnels through which AI units may be directed by first 
    sending them to a point on the platform or depression at the entrance of a tunnel.


Enjoy, and send feedback to:

Natty Bumppo
nattybumppo@home.com
http://members.home.net/nattybumppo/
