
Map: ST Daedalium

Custom DLL - strategy66.dll
Custom Production Units
Custom Buildings and Vehicles
Custom Weapons


Release Date: 4/22/2000
Version: 1.0
Author: Natty Bumppo
E-Mail: nattybumppo@home.com
Homepage: http://members.home.net/nattybumppo/
Feedback: You betcha!

Planet: Dark Planet
Size: ~2048
Players: 2+ Pilots, 2 Commanders + thugs
Type: Custom Strategy


REQUIREMENTS:

    Battlezone II Combat Commander
    BZII 1.2 Official Beta Patch
    GAIPS66 Core Files Installation


INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

    Extract the contents of STDaed66.zip directly into your "Battlezone II" folder, 
    or into a temporary folder and copy the folders piecemeal into the Battlezone II 
    folder.  The former method will best ensure that all new folders and files will 
    be placed in the correct locations.

    *** NOTE:  the GAIPS66 Core Files installation is REQUIRED.  ST Daedalium will
    not function properly without many of the object files installed by the G66 Core
    Files.


DESCRIPTION:

    ST Daedalium uses a custom DLL, strategy66.dll, which provides custom production
    units to the players.  These custom production units, recycler, constructor, 
    factory, and armory, allow the players to build custom vehicles, buildings and
    custom weapons.  Most of these custom units are taken from the G66 MPI Project,
    though a few additional custom weapons have been added.

    The ISDF recycler allows for the production of two different types of constructors.
    The constructor built by option 5 on the recycler's build menu will build a custom 
    factory, a custom armory, and the Rocket Tower instead of the Bomber Bay.  The 
    constructor built by option 9, will build the Bomber Bay instead of the Rocket Tower.

    The Scion builder will construct a custom Kiln, a custom Stronghold and the Rocket Pod.
    The custom Kiln will also construct the Rocket Pod.

    Light Tanks, ISDF Puma and Scion Dragoon, can be built by the custom factories.


    The ST Daedalium map is a variation of the G66 Daedalium MPI map.  Two scrap pools 
    have been added to the inner ring corridor and the central pool removed.  In the 
    place of the central pool is ... well, I'll let you discover for yourself what's
    been put there instead.

    ST Daedalium is based on a concept by Lizard in his ST Metal Maze strategy map.  
    With his permission, I have taken a great deal of liberty with his idea to produce
    this new map.


FUTURE PLANS:

    A common G66 objects patch is planned.  This patch will improve the appearance and
    performance of several custom objects including the Light Tanks and the Rocket Pod.
    New custom icons for these vehicles are expected to be released with the patch.


Enjoy, and send feedback to:

Natty Bumppo
nattybumppo@home.com
http://members.home.net/nattybumppo/
