
Map: G66 Core Alpha

Custom DLL - mpinstant66c.dll
Custom Production Units
Custom Buildings and Vehicles
Custom Weapons


Release Date: 5/30/2000
Version: 1.0
Author: Natty Bumppo
E-Mail: nattybumppo@home.com
Homepage: http://members.home.net/nattybumppo/
Feedback: You betcha!

Planet: Core
Size: ~4096
Players: 1 Commander, 3 or more thugs
Type: Custom Multiplayer Instant Action


REQUIREMENTS:

    Battlezone II Combat Commander
    BZII 1.2 Official Beta Patch
    GAIPS66 Core Files Installation
    G66 Units Patch


INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

    Extract the contents of G66CoreAlpha.zip directly into your "Battlezone II" folder, 
    or into a temporary folder and copy the folders piecemeal into the Battlezone II 
    folder.  The former method will best ensure that all new folders and files will 
    be placed in the correct locations.

    *** NOTE:  the GAIPS66 Core Files and G66 Units Patch installations are REQUIRED.  
    G66 Core Alpha will not function properly without many of the object files 
    installed by these installations.


DESCRIPTION:

    G66 Core Alpha uses a custom DLL, mpinstant66c.dll, which provides custom production
    units to the players.  These custom production units, recycler, constructor, 
    factory, and armory, allow the players to build custom vehicles, buildings and
    custom weapons.

    ISDF Commanders will be able to build the Puma light tank and the Rocket Tower.  
    Several custom weapons are available through the Armory, including a satchel charge
    variant, the Limpet.  Ammo and Repair supply kits can also be launched from the 
    Armory.  Since G66 Core Alpha simulates an underground environment, ISDF Commanders
    will not be able to build APC's or Bombers.

    Scion Commanders will be able to build the Dragoon light tank and the Rocket Pod.
    Several custom weapons are available through the Stronghold, including a satchel charge
    variant, the Limpet.  Ammo and Repair supply kits can also be launched from the 
    Stronghold.  Since G66 Core Alpha simulates an underground environment, Scion Commanders
    will not be able to build Archers.


WARNING!

    G66 Core Alpha contains a large number of objects to provide the backdrop for the 
    underground Core environment.  The large number of objects on the map will have a 
    negative effect on your framerate, which can be expected to be more pronounced with 
    multiple players in the game.  

    Please consider this map experimental.  A more conservative use of the Core objects
    might produce a more playable map.  Map-makers may feel free to create their own
    MPI maps using the G66 Core DLL, mpinstant66c.dll.  The DLL and AIP files function
    much the same as with other GAIPS66 MPI; however, all aircraft (Archers, APC's and 
    Bombers) have been eliminated from the DLL and AIP files.  Therefore, none of the 
    artillery path points are required.  Also, the "mbtattack" path has been replaced 
    by two paths, "mbtattack1" and "mbtattack2" so that hovercraft may attack from more
    than one direction.


Enjoy, and send feedback to:

Natty Bumppo
nattybumppo@home.com
http://members.home.net/nattybumppo/
